DOC: Add security policy (#54060)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/development/policies.rst

pandas mirrors the `NumPy guidelines for Python support <https://numpy.org/neps/nep-0029-deprecation_policy.html#implementation>`__.

Security policy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To report a security vulnerability to pandas, please go to https://tidelift.com/security and see the instructions there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report a security vulnerability to pandas, please go to https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/security/policy and see the instructions there.
```
